pd: add `store-limit-version` config to switch the different strategy (#13317)
pingcap/docs: pd-control.md

- `enable-placement-rules` is used to enable placement rules, which is enabled by default in v5.0 and later versions.

- `store-limit-mode` is used to control the mode of limiting the store speed. The optional modes are `auto` and `manual`. In `auto` mode, the stores are automatically balanced according to the load (deprecated).

> - `store-limit-version` controls the version of the store limit formula. In v1 mode, you can manually modify the `store limit` to limit the scheduling speed of a single TiKV. The v2 mode is an experimental feature. In v2 mode, you do not need to manually set the `store limit` value, as PD dynamically adjusted based on the capability of TiKV snapshots. For more details, refer to [Principles of store limit v2](/configure-store-limit.md#principles-of-store-limit-v2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `store-limit-version` controls the version of the store limit formula. In v1 mode, you can manually modify the `store limit` to limit the scheduling speed of a single TiKV. The v2 mode is an experimental feature. In v2 mode, you do not need to manually set the `store limit` value, as PD dynamically adjusts it based on the capability of TiKV snapshots. For more details, refer to [Principles of store limit v2](/configure-store-limit.md#principles-of-store-limit-v2).
```

- `enable-placement-rules` is used to enable placement rules, which is enabled by default in v5.0 and later versions.

> - `store-limit-mode` is used to control the mode of limiting the store speed. The optional modes are `auto` and `manual`. In `auto` mode, the stores are automatically balanced according to the load (deprecated).
> 
> - `store-limit-version` controls the version of the store limit controller formula. The value options are `v1` and `v2`, the version `v1` of the formula is the default value. If using `v2`, user don't need to care about the store limit value of some store to speed up the scale-out/in progress, because the limit has been auto adjusted through the snapshot executing details(experimental).
>     
>     {{< copyable "" >}}
>     
>     ```bash
>     config set store-limit-version v2       // using v2 strategy for store limit
>     ```

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
- `store-limit-mode` is used to control the mode of limiting the store speed. The optional modes are `auto` and `manual`. In `auto` mode, the stores are automatically balanced according to the load (deprecated).

- `store-limit-version` controls the version of the store limit formula. In v1 mode, you can manually modify the `store limit` to limit the scheduling speed of a single TiKV. The v2 mode is an experimental feature. In v2 mode, you do not need to manually set the `store limit` value, as PD dynamically adjusted based on the capability of TiKV snapshots. For more details, refer to [Principles of store limit v2](/configure-store-limit.md#principles-of-store-limit-v2).
    
    ```bash
    config set store-limit-version v2       // using store limit v2
    ```
````
